# L2TP syzbot reproducers

This directory contains syzbot reproducer applications taken from the Linux
kernel netdev mailing list.

## Identifying reports

Each subdirectory in this directory corresponds to an individual bug report,
and contains the following information:

* **the syzbot report ID**: this is an ID generated by syzbot and used to
track individual reports.  You can use this to search the netdev mailing list
archives for the original syzbot report email and subsequent associated patches.
* **the original report email**: this is the body of the email sent to the mailing
list, and is contained in the file *mail.txt*.  The report includes the kernel
oops message triggered by the reproducer.
* **the kernel config file**: this is included in the file *config.txt* and contains
the kernel configuration for the kernel being run at the time the reported bug
was triggered.
* **the reproducer application**: the generated C code which reproduces the reported bug.

## Adding new reproducers

To add a new reproducer application:

1. Create a new subdirectory, named with the ID of the syzbot report, which can be
found in the body of the report email.  If in doubt look at some of the existing
reproducers and their associated reports to see which ID to use.
2. Copy the syzbot reproducer application as the file *repro.c* in the new subdirectory.
3. Copy the report email as the file *mail.txt* and the kernel configuration from
the report as *config.txt*.  These files are not vital, but help maintain the context
of the original report.

If you follow the procedure above the build will automatically pick up the new
reproducer application and generate build information for it (ref: *bootstrap.sh*
in this directory).
